fix: fix branding (#102)
openfga/spring-boot-starter: examples/servlet/README.md

## Using example with local unpublished starter

> To run the example using a non-published version of the Auth0 FGA Spring Boot Starter, first publish the starter to your local maven repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the example using a non-published version of the OpenFGA Spring Boot Starter, first publish the starter to your local maven repository.
```
